# Lock&Share
It often happens that you find an interesting set of search results but you are
too busy to look at them for the moment and decide to come back later on. You
come back few days later to check on them but the results are no longer same,
thanks to the 'active indexing' by the web crawler.

This feature aims to resolve this problem. There will be a padlock like button
which the user can click on to 'Lock&Share', this will generate a unique link
which whenever opened will save the same set of search results. Furthermore, the
link will be shareable to others thus preventing a similar problem that happens
due to searches from different geographical regions (here I am asuming that as 
the search engine will be developed further, it will show results relevant to
the location of the user, just like other modern search engines).

In order to save memory, we can set a maximum limit of days until which the link
will be accessible, after which it will no longer work.

# Privacy Centered Browsing
This isn't exactly my own idea. DuckDuckGo already implements this (I guess so).
So, what I propose is that we shall not save the browsing history of the users
for any purpose including analytics or improvisation. And there shall be no
targeted advertising using any kind of user identifiable data.

But, there is a catch here. We will need to improvise ourselves in order to
survive in the market and data analytics plays an important role in it. So,
instead of analysing data which is 'user-identifiable', we will anonymise the
data before doing so. What we can do is that we randomly assign a number to each
user and only take basic geographical data like say the state instead of taking
the exact location. This anonymised data will help us in analysing and
improvising our services as well as giving the users their privacy. 

# ChatBot
This again isn't an original idea (I think so), but I thought that it would be
great if we implement this. Most modern browsers are not that user interactive
in my opinion. What if we create something like the better Google Assistant?
Maybe?
